Tag pipeline with source information (#4796)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/20-workflow-syntax.md

## `labels`

Use labels to select the agent that executes your workflow. An agent will execute a workflow only if **all** its assigned labels match the workflow's labels. For Kubernetes agents, these labels propagate to any related resources created during pipeline execution, including pods and secrets.

> To configure additional agent labels, see the [agent configuration options](../30-administration/15-agent-config.md#woodpecker_agent_labels). Agents have pre-configured filters for the following labels:

Reviewer: This line causes the docs build error:

```
        │ Cause: Docs markdown link couldn't be resolved: (../30-administration/15-agent-config.md) in source file "/woodpecker/src/github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/docs/docs/20-usage/20-workflow-syntax.md" for version current
```

We have refactored the admin docs, the new path is:

```suggestion
To configure additional agent labels, see the [agent configuration options](../30-administration/10-configuration/30-agent.md#agent_labels). Agents have pre-configured filters for the following labels:
```

| Label                              | Description                                                         |
|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `woodpecker-ci.org/forge-id`       | Internal Forge identifier                                           |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/repo-forge-id`  | Repository identifier from the Forge                                |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/repo-id`        | Internal repository identifier                                      |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/repo-name`      | Repository display name (excluding project/organization)            |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/repo-full-name` | Repository display name (including project/organization)            |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/branch`         | Git branch name                                                     |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/org-id`         | Internal organization/project identifier                            |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/platform`       | (deprecated) Agent OS and CPU architecture (e.g., `linux/amd64`)    |
| `woodpecker-ci.org/hostname`       | (deprecated) Agent name                                             |

> | `woodpecker-ci.org/backend`        | (deprecated) Agent's backend technology (kubernetes, docker, local) |

Author: That's a mistake, it's only the ones without the `woodepcker-ci.org/` prefix that's supposed to be marked as deprecated
